[Music]
hey guys Rory former Khumbu here now if
you're anything like me you will
probably be sick of sitting in traffic
jams all your life and if you are you
might want to check this out this is the
unique ego an electric skateboard that's
a fun mobility concept designed to get
you to and from work in a much more
entertaining way so how does it work
well it's got three free spinning wheels
and one motorized wheel on the back left
here and the best way for me to
demonstrate it is just to do it so I'm
gonna throw it on the floor and try not
to embarrass myself these are the
controls you push forward to go forward
back to go back and you push off and
then you simply fall on your face no you
push the thing forward I'll do that
again in a much more cool way right yeah
you push off and now suddenly you're
moving along it's actually quite easy to
ride despite my ham fisted attempts it
has a range of about 18 miles which is
pretty cool because most people can get
to work and back without having to
recharge it if you do have to recharge
it reach attack recharge time is about
three hours so it's not too bad you can
get to work
plug it in and by the end of the day
you'll be good to go once again in terms
of speed well they tell me it will reach
13 miles an hour
so let me see if that's true I'm gonna
push this forward as hard as I can
yeah and I built up a good speed I
should probably stay closer to the
cameraman the good thing about it it's
also got a break you can actually pull
back on this thing and it will slow you
down now I'm riding in a parking lot
right here with a lot of potholes it's
not a smooth surface but you can
actually soak up a lot of the bumps
through your knees I'm going over a
patch of cables right now and you can go
shake that quite easily so there you go
I'll get off it now before I do some
damage that is the unique ego it's
coming soon it's gonna cost six hundred
and ninety nine dollars and sign me up I
want one